Eventinas is the all-encompassing online event platform designed for the promotion, management, and networking of your event in physical, hybrid, or virtual formats.

From spotlighting your event to participant registration and generating customized badges, while nurturing connections between participants, institutions and experts, Eventinas also offers a space for interaction, streamlines engagement with your target audience, speeding up both the planning and execution phases of your event, owing to its innovative and technological features.

Why Eventinas is unique?

Welcome to the application that will allow you to sustain the digital transformations revolutionizing the world of events.

Conferences, exhibitions, festivals, summits…

Eventinas flawlessly adapts to your priorities, with regards to communication & networking, while offering you the opportunity to improve the image capital of your event with your exhibitors, sponsors, & participants.

Internal events: Framework Convention, Team Building, product launches, etc.

For inspiring internal events, to gain your employees or customers’ loyalty, the Eventinas networking platform has been designed to bolster your performance by providing you with all the conditions for success enabled by technological innovations.

Communities, Networks, Partners…

Eventinas features innovative tools dedicated to the development of a large and highly diverse community. The platform also convenes partners from various national and international public and private backgrounds on a wide range of clients. The various profiles within this community will be considered by the system, taking into account a rational and rapid management of flows that will enable, among other things, effective matching.

Create the Best Networking Experiences

Create immersive experiences for your participants, while inspiring loyalty and increase the event’s return on investment.

The Eventinas application is equipped with the ability to anticipate your clients, partners’ and participants’ appointments and their expectations regarding your event.

The tool also offers them targeted and carefully organized scheduling before / during / and after your event.

The tools offer an assortment of features for a better event management:

● The ability to have an event presentation guide with customized and instant participant information through emails & notifications of updates.
● Setting up a module for online payment and participant registration

Availability of specific modules for:

● Badges creation & printing
● Business cards’ scanning by participants for the creation of a database

Modules adapted for:

● Creating a gallery of all event photos
● Generating real-time updated reports throughout the event period

⸻

Eventinas, an excellent communication tool:

● Boost the visibility of your event’s brand with an outstanding white-label event app for iOS and Android
● Benefit from the innovations brought by the Eventinas tool through its flawless combo of design and the best UX for events
● Energize your community by offering them visibility spaces as sponsors and exhibitors who wish to launch or develop a brand.
● Eventinas offers support to boost the visibility of your partners and experts by providing them with the opportunity to draw inspiration from different ideas and suggestions.

⸻

Eventinas: the tool that meets your needs for a successful event.

Each event is unique and Eventinas is what you need to unleash your full potential at every phase of the event:

Before the event

Work smarter by optimizing your time with an advanced platform that tackles all manual tasks and saves you from repetitive assignments.

During the event:

Your participants, whether they are speakers, sponsors, exhibitors, or attendees, can schedule relevant meetings using our technology to enjoy new experiences.

Post-event:

Create your satisfaction questionnaire and measure the success of your event down to the smallest detail.

Prove the return on your investment to sponsors, exhibitors, and participants, and plan your future events wisely based on your community’s behavior.

⸻

Pleasant and Accessible Interface:

For ergonomic reasons, Eventinas has been designed to offer simple and soothing support for your community. It serves as a revolutionary event application that also offers a personalized experience for your participants and sponsors that will leave a long-lasting impression.

⸻

Testimonials from our clients:

What our clients say about us!

These testimonials address the way we help event organizers from different sectors plan, host, and promote their conferences, meetings, and gatherings.

● “In my opinion, Eventinas can be described as an inspiring, motivating platform without limits! The atmosphere at Eventinas is something I have never experienced before. It is a safe working environment where you can be yourself and enjoy events from anywhere.”

● “Eventinas is a superb application that is very useful, innovative, and highly efficient for hosting events. I greatly appreciated the atmosphere created during the event thanks to this tool.”

● “Eventinas is a truly practical application; I love creating my events on it because it offers a wide variety of event categories. The reporting at the end of the event allowed us to reflect on the next event, which will surely be managed with your team.”

⸻

Simple and customizable pricing.

We offer a package that suits you whatever your business goals and event strategy are.

● Unlimited number of events
● Ticketing, badges, … with a 0% commission

⸻

BASIC OFFER
Single use

● You can use the tool for a single event
● You have access to all the features
● You have access to the platform up to 2 months before the date of your events and 2 months after
● Our team are at your disposal to facilitate the use of Eventinas

⸻

PREMIUM OFFER
Multiple uses

● You can use the tool for multiple events
● You have access to all the features
● You have access to the platform throughout the year
● Our team are at your disposal to facilitate the use of Eventinas

⸻

In case of need:

Our team will be available to assist you in all areas from conception to support during the event, and much more. Contact us.

⸻

Our Mission & Culture
The Story of Eventinas

Events are perfect spaces for gathering and sharing, fostering collaboration, growth, and the creation of new opportunities.

Bringing many people together in one space is not enough as they need a simple way to connect with each other. This is possible through Eventinas, and it is its mission.

The strongest relationships are also built on empathy, trust, integrity, and a bit of fun. These human touches are at the heart of everything we do at Eventinas.

These human values guide our vision, allowing us to look to the future through innovation, creativity, and collaboration. Thus, events built around technological elements allow us to explore new ways to assist our clients, collaborate, and grow as a company and as a team.

This vision, which prioritizes sharing, has the power to create excellence that arises from your passion and guides your steps towards success.

It is in this spirit that we continually strive to improve ourselves and enhance our work to create the best version of Eventinas.

We believe that trust is a fundamental value to which we are attached because it is a relationship that is both human and professional, and it is important that this trust, which should be reassuring for our partners, is mutual.

⸻

Our team

Our teams of event experts are at your service to provide you with the necessary support for the success of your event.

Eventinas is available on all your devices.

Eventinas for your event at your fingertips:

Thanks to its innovative features, event management is more professional and efficient than ever with the Eventinas mobile application for event organizers.

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our updates.

⸻

Contact:

Do you have a question?
A partnership request?
Do you want to share an idea with us?

Contact us via the form below. We will respond to you as soon as possible.